[Music]
when was the last time you checked your
social media a couple of minutes ago so
how many likes did that selfie you just
post again not as many as you planned
and how did it make you feel if your
answer is unhappy about myself
congratulations you've just become one
of the many victims of the most
captivating traps of our age you heard
me right
I just called social media with its
hashtag happy
hashtag beautiful hashtag luxury a trap
it lures you with its posh pictures of
people traveling working out and getting
better every day
well in fact the real message it's
delivering and I'm sorry to bring this
to you is that you're gross
yeah girl it makes you believe you
aren't quite as fit not quite as stylish
and a tiny bit less popular than
Instagram divas they smile at you from
their well-arranged feeds and seem to
never have a reason to be upset about
anything and they are willing to sell
you a ticket to their dreamland all it
takes is trying their workout routine a
dress that'll turn nametags or a magical
foundation that'll change your face
shape otherwise you'll never be enough
and it's not just everywhere you scroll
on your computer and mobile devices
those glossy girls look at you for
magazine covers as if judging you for
not following along whenever you enjoy
your favorite red velvet cake or wear
the sweatpants that make you feel
comfortable like nothing else can they
call out your name stop right there
you can't do that they decide what's
good for you they know best what will
make you happy any objections well yeah
if you have some try to be yourself and
post some unpolished reality he'll get
more likes you or that insta blogger
with 17 thousand followers the harsh
truth is that it will be her but guess
one and I'm telling you this as a guy
you are already beautiful you're already
perfect
you're already enough it's your smile
that makes the world go around and you
don't need a filter to highlight it or
prove it that perfect body your striving
for is seen online and that perfect face
you can only achieve with makeup won't
be with you forever and when they change
and they most likely will with
age when your hashtag beauty fades away
it will only make you feel more upset
than before still don't agree with me
and that makes me really sad
another thing that breaks my heart is
girls getting used to being judged by
their physical appearance from an early
age I'm talking about those Little Miss
Sunshine's those tiny beauty queens they
have to breathe in the toxic chemicals
of hairspray where tons of makeup fake
tan and high heels and get their little
eyebrows waxed and their baby teeth
whitened and appearance isn't where it
ends it's also about attitude
you always have to smile even when your
little heart is breaking because you
want to go out on a play date with other
kids and not hate them or compete with
them you must be flawless and remain an
only goal in life should be proving to
everyone how perfect you are for the
sake of victory the sound sleep you need
is a developing human forget about that
and since beauty pageants are held for
kids as young as 18 months old there's a
good chance you literally won't be able
to say anything against it because kids
normally start communicating in simple
sentences at the age of two you know
what shocked me recently I came across
an article with the results of a study
by Common Sense Media saying that 80% of
ten-year-old girls these days have
already been on a diet it looks like a
lot of girls and boys aged 6 to 8 are
concerned with extra weight oh my when I
was seven I was concerned with the fact
that I didn't get a puppy for Christmas
where does all that dissatisfaction come
from something is telling me it has to
do with parents who are unhappy with
themselves or tell their kids they need
to drop a few pounds and of course it's
the same media that's telling you to get
thinner to be happier that's taken over
the minds of little ones in 2004 a group
of researchers from the University of
South Florida looked into the matter and
what they found was pretty interesting
in 72% of movies TV shows and video
games the kind and positive characters
were thin in three out of four videos
obese characters were on the evil side
and not exactly role models
so it's no surprise when kids grow up to
become adults who are dissatisfied with
their bodies I looked up the statistics
from the international food information
council foundation from 2018 and it
turns out one in three Americans is
following a diet of course it's not all
about losing weight and often has to do
with medical conditions but still at
least half of the adult US population
admitted that they've tried to lose
weight at some point the numbers for
teens are about the same should I tell
you about the dangers of dieting
especially when you play nutritionists
and decide what's good and bad for you
how about when you stop eating
altogether for the sake of magazine
cover Beauty anorexia bulimia and other
eating disorders aren't exactly the best
things you can experience in life even
if it doesn't go to that extreme you're
likely to become weaker find it way
harder to concentrate have thinning hair
and on the psychological side be
constantly dissatisfied with yourself as
it'll never be enough
trust me the weight you loops also has a
habit of coming back so think about it
is it really worth the suffering
especially if your teen whose body needs
nutrients to grow and develop properly
exercising like crazy without the
supervision of a professional fitness
trainer won't do you much good either
and the waist training that seems to
offer an instant fix for your belly with
a tight fabric corset isn't harmless it
can cause breathing problems bruises and
harm your bones without narrowing a wide
ribcage but maybe it was nature's big
plan for you to have those adorable
cheeks and curves so why question it you
don't want to become one of those living
Barbie dolls do you speaking of them
girls who make it their life goal to
look like Barbie live in different
countries across the world every time I
see them appear on the news or online
I ask myself just one question why why
would someone willingly give up their
identity and invest tons of money into
becoming a walking human doll like this
one fifty-five year old lady in the UK
who spent over three million dollars on
over 300 cosmetic procedures to look
like her plastic Idol and she gave her 7
year old breast surgery vouchers to be
redeemed when she turned 18
[Music]
then there is a woman in the US who
worked as a Barbie look-alike
salesperson at the age of 18 she loved
this image so much that she made it her
Gaul to transform into Barbie she went
through five breast surgeries and Botox
basic plastic surgery is something we're
all used to but this lady took it one
step further and exposed herself to
hypnotherapy she says it's all about
unlocking her unconscious mind and
lowering her IQ to plastic dough level
does she get the public attention and
approval so many of you see online sure
she does since her transformation is
sponsored by donations from her fan page
even if you don't go as far as getting
plastic surgery and going through
hypnotherapy to transform yourself you
might have tried the stinging needles of
lip injections maybe you've gone through
the agonizing pain of permanent makeup
yes I'm talking to those girls who get
their makeup tattooed on their faces to
have permanent eye on lip lines and
perfect eyebrows here's what I have to
tell you and I'm saying this with all my
love stop right there you're strong
you're beautiful you're enough and when
your lip line is not perfect your mind
is cherish it love it and spread the
word is there something you'd like to
change about yourself or do you love
yourself just the way you are I
challenge you to confess it all in the
comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]